OK let's go ahead and create the mock up for our jump cycle.
So the first thing we want to do is we want to open up our animation test document.
This is the document where we created the mock up for our walk cycle what we're going to do is we're
going to delete out all of these layers that have the lock cycle on it.
So now it's an empty document.
Next what we want to do is we want to delete out all of our Frayne's just to make this document cleaned
up.
Now let's jump back over into our Spryte sheet and what we're going to do is one at a time.
We're going to click and drag our frames over and horse Frenchy.
So starting with frame one will drag that in and put it into position.
So about there should do then we'll grab it frame to
drop that in and get it into position as best as possible.
Now this is where it's going to get a little bit tricky because our character needs to be in the same
position but he's going to be in different poses.
So do your best to line him up right here.
We can use things like his feet to get him pretty well lined up.
So now let's come back into our spreadsheet and we'll grab frame three now frame theory will also be
a little bit difficult because he's airborne in this one so we need to put him up higher.
So about there but again try to keep those feet lined up as best as possible.
Now let's grab a frame for.
This is where he's free falling.
So he's going to be close to the position of frame three but a little bit lower.
So right about there.
Now let's grab frame five and frame five will be easier to position because he's going to match up with
our first frame.
You'll see when we get him lined up perfectly a pink box appears around him.
That means that he's completely lined up with the first frame because they match each other.
Awesome next what we want to do is we want to turn off all these layers except for frame 1
next what we'll do is we'll add a new frame and then we're going to turn off frame 1 and turn on frame
2 and we'll do this once more turn off frame 2 and turn on frame 3.
Add a new layer turn off frame 3 turn on frame for add one more layer and turn off frame for and turn
on frame 5.
All right.
So now we have our animation set up great.
Now let's go ahead and let's see what it looks like when we play it.
OK.
So I can see that we didn't have it completely lined up when he jumps but that's all right.
You get the idea of what a jump is going to look like.
So let's say the space bar triggers the jump every time they hit the spacebar.
This is what's going to happen one time.
All right you guys have just created two different animation cycles.
This is not necessarily easy work to do.
So you should be very proud of yourself.
If you want to keep this mock up I recommend that you save it out as animation too so you can keep both
your mockups.
Now the last animation we're going to do is his standing animation where he's going to sort of hover
there while he stands that way.
His standing pose isn't so motionless.
All right guys remember to ask questions in the Q&A section.
And I look forward to seeing you in the next lecture.